[charts] Remove react spring (#17123)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/bars/bars.md

## Animation

Chart containers respect [`prefers-reduced-motion`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-reduced-motion), but you can also disable animations manually by setting the `skipAnimation` prop to `true`.

> When `skipAnimation` is enabled, the chart will render without any animations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `skipAnimation` is enabled, the chart renders without any animations.
```
